All members present.

Since our last meeting we've released our Beta.
Currently trying to fix all of our bugs.

Goals for next meeting are to add features from the 100 level students and fix bugs as well as complete collaboration assignments.

Alex: Bug Fixes
Joe: Bug fixes
Brandon: Bug fixes
Arturo: Bug fixes
Sena: Bug fixes
